[DOC] Improve Kafka Connect deployment docs (#3801)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/deploying/proc-deploy-kafka-connect.adoc

.Prerequisites

* xref:deploying-cluster-operator-str[The Cluster Operator must be deployed.]
* xref:deploying-kafka-cluster-str[Running Kafka cluster.]

.Procedure

. Deploy Kafka Connect to your Kubernetes cluster.

> For a Kafka cluster with 3 or more brokers, `examples/connect/kafka-connect.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a Kafka cluster with 3 or more brokers, use the `examples/connect/kafka-connect.yaml` file.
```

> For a Kafka cluster with less nodes, please use `examples/connect/kafka-connect-single-node-kafka.yaml` instead of `examples/connect/kafka-connect.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a Kafka cluster with less than 3 nodes, use the `examples/connect/kafka-connect-single-node-kafka.yaml` file.
```

Reviewer: Not sure we prefer nodes or brokers here, but should use same for both.
